1 : Basically I’m a student from Pakistan and doing bachelor in computer science and want to learn Artificial Intelligence. I think it will be beneficial as I want to pursue my career in AI . But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course.I do tutoring to bear my basic needs. I have two siblings and we all are at learning stage and it becomes a lot more difficult for my Parent to pay the whole amount for all the three of us and if I add up my course it will make even harder for him to pay.In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. Receiving this Financial Aid will open for me a new horizons of the world of Coursera courses , which in turn will help me in future . So i am really in need of this Financial Aid  for increasing my knowledge about the subject.

2 : My main career goal is to learn every day. The field of Artificial Intelligence is becoming saturated and industries are now placing a high level of importance on specialization.Machine learning requires constant learning and improving. Taking this course will help me to learn and study this Technology and also to implement it. This Course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out AI and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course and also help my resume get shortlisted.I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous course (AI For Everyone). Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which will definitely supplement my learning immensely. I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.Courses on Coursera helped me to greatly increase my programming knowledge in the past.
